Now in this lesson, we're going to cover diagrams.
In the previous lesson, we just discussed how to get our CLI tool properly set up.
Everything is running correctly.
But we're going to take a break from
CloudFormation scripts and we're going to go into diagrams now.
Diagrams are very, very important because that's
where everything that's cloud-related begins.
They may not be super important in
the real world where you actually set up a physical server that
you can touch and install on your datacenter and connect it to your network,
that's perfect in the real world because you get
to really get to see it and test and verify.
Now, in the cloud,
since you don't have physical access to that datacenter,
you're going to need diagrams and then turn
those diagrams into actual infrastructure called scripts.
So let's get started.